What does a guy who's in want KMAX now and just when you were going to be working with this film we
have to have a farm and then we have to add a map a map.
OK.
So first of all what we have to do we have to just skim here to the model settings OK and then we need
to give some bedding so that it's aligned to the normal one.
So I'm going to go to the design right here and I'm going to give you the spacing.
Let's see that how much spacing we need.
So let's add 50 pixels 50 pixels is very large.
I'm going to go to 45.
So I think 45 pixels looks cool.
So you can see now everything is a line from.
This is a line to this.
And this is a line to this.
OK.
Now here I want to add this.
But first let's get him here and let's remove this link that has been added here.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to select here and here let's click here and let's click here Soledad.
This link is removed.
OK.
Let's see it.
And lotted to us so you can see that link is removed from here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to add a form re here below.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to click this contact form.
You can see this form is coming right here.
What I want to do right now I want to just sit OK.
And I want to just bring this divider to the top.
OK.
So this divider is right here.
Now we have to work with this form right here.
So we have the title right here if you want to add a title you can add a title but we don't want to
add title.
So the success message would be after the form and form submit.
You can see if you click here type the message you want to display after a successful form submission.
OK.
Thanks for your message.
You will get a call by one of our reporters in
tade divs within two business days.
OK.
And then we have the Submit text button.
And everything looks cool.
Here we have the name The e-mail address and the message as well.
OK.
So here what we have to do we have to just come here to the e-mail itself.
And then here we have to enter that e-mail in the e-mail address where the message should be sent.
OK.
So we have to enter that e-mail where the message should be sent.
I'm going to enter my e-mail address that is going to be this one.
OK.
And the message patter.
So Kim here and let's see what it is.
Here you can define the custom pattern for the e-mail message field should be included in the format
field ID.
For example if you want to include the field ID is equal say phone and field and field IDs equals a
message then you can use leave blank for default.
I would highly recommend you to use leave blank because why you want to just customize it customized
a message you can understand it easily.
OK let's see him here and let's get me here to the elements.
So we have the display capture.
This is really important because you have to display it.
If you just uncheck it from a pier make sure to add that because this is really very important.
Otherwise you will receive so many spam emails and they will spam you say they will slow down your server
and something like that to make sure to add that's OK.
And then we have the redirect and redirect humoral.
This will happen if someone clicks here he will be redirected to a page where we don't want to redirect
them to eBay.
We just wanted to show them a message.
OK.
And this is like this.
OK let me just confirm it.
Yes.
Then we have to backtrack and say if you want to add any background color you can pretty well add it
but I don't want to add it.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit delete and then we have the Edmon label so leave this
as it does.
OK.
And they'll come here to these settings right here.
They say the name of the e-mail and the message and we can also add one more and this will be this going
to be field via options.
And then we have this conditional logic and everything.
So let's come here to the field ID.
So here we have to enter the unique fields.
You should only use English correctors but those special characters and spaces.
This is going to be fun.
OK.
And here my title is phone number OK and I want to go here to the feel option.
This is going to be input field email field text area check boxes radio buttons.
Like drop down.
So this is going to be an input field.
OK.
And we can select the maximum length that how much maximum length we want here.
So this can be the maximum like
9000 or 28 thing
OK.
Maximum I think 15 that will be on that because no number is created than the 15.
So then we have the maximum length of leaves you are to remove restrictions OK now here if I just try
to add here you will see that I cannot go beyond the 15 that we have the allowed symbols so we just
wanted the numbers only so only numbers are allowed.
Yes.
OK.
This is a required field and the condition of logic.
So you can condition conditional logic get that email address should be entered then this will appear.
Otherwise this will not appear so let's just give here.
If I just add the new rules an email address equals email address contains email address is not empty.
Email address is empty email address if e-mail address is not empty.
Then this will appear otherwise.
This will not appear so.
This is how you can cheat.
Check these rules.
OK now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to bring a thius right about.
OK here we go.
So you can see that this is how our form is looking.
OK our farmers looking totally ok.
I'm just going to go to the design and knowledge designer.
So this should be totally OK but we need to change the button so we need to change the style for the
button.
I'm going to go down and I want to change the border of this button.
An icon color button border color.
I want it to be this one and the bird and text colors should also be changed.
I want the icons so lets use an icon for this
since we are see how have fit in here.
Get a call.
I think we should add a phone here.
Cool.
OK now you can see everything looks amazing right here.
Everything is looking perfect if I just came here and I just save.
You can see this is now totally safe.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit exit.
The visual builder Let's see how our page looks so you can see this is our pages looking we have everything
coming right here.
This is if I just enter anything I just enter thing
and then I go down.
You can see the phone number is right here.
So this is validating that you are dead.
The email address should be here.
Then the phone number will be here.
OK so I'm just going to enter anything where I hear and to enter the message an A-plus for April to
8 9 10 11 12 12.
OK and I'm going to hit submit.
So you can see we have only allowed.
Please.
Only numbers are allowed and the maximum correctors is 15.
So let's add only numbers.
OK I don't think we have 15 characters.
This is the minimum lint.
OK OK OK I have to just change it.
OK I'll change it later on.
I have to enter a minimum 15 characters.
OK let's add some men and let's see how this is going to look.
So here you can see.
Thanks for your message.
You will get a call by one of 5 Representatives.
Into business day so this is working.
The farm has been sent and if I just go to the G.M. dot com to see if I have received that email then
he will see that I would have received the email
OK I'm going to go to the spammers here and you can see this is right here.
So this is the name from the e-mail address is coming and new message and next story events.
This is the name.
This is the phone number and everything.
So this is the message and then this is the phone number.
This is how it is working.
OK.
And now here it is how it is working.
So I'm going to come here again.
I'm going to hit this camera here so to I so I can manage it.
I'm going to go from here to the e-mail address and I'm going to go to the field.
Options to conditional logic.
The field option specifically.
OK.
We have to work for the phone number.
So I'm going to come here to the phone right here.
Let's get him here.
Let's get to the feel option and the minimum lent should be zero.
OK.
The maximum land can be 15.
So here we go.
And the numbers should be so to all because if someone wants to add the plus sign he can add the plus
sign.
OK.
And that we have the relation on
let's sleeted
OK let's remove the conditional logic because we don't want to show any conditional logic.
Everything should be visible.
OK so you can see that we have the phone phone number and that signing is also totally OK so if you
want to change anything you can make.
You can change it.
OK.
You can make it full with if you want to.
And you can make it to normal if you want to.
And then you can share one more thing so you can show
you're like to go to the design.
Let's just bring in tray here.
Let's go to the condensate here and let's bring this to the top three here so you can see this is coming
right here and I'm going to change this.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to the design.
Al sorry.
I'm going to go to the con then the field is going to be the USA.
B U S I N E is s.
OK.
And then here would be
cool.
So business name if you are creating a business based Web site.
But since I am just creating a normal web site this is for Event Management things so if I need to the
business.
So I'm going to come here to the phone right here and I'm going to make it full of it.
Let's go to the advance design layout and make it full with so you can see this is how it is coming.
So now we are totally done with everything you can see everything is totally up and running.
The disk form is also sending that e-mail.
So now let's go ahead and let's add a map right below here.
So I'm going to I'm here I'm just going to click this camera here and here it takes to regler.
So now I hope that you guys understand that speciality and Regel are between the different.
I'm going to add the full width and now I need the full length map.
Here we go.
I need to come here to the map and I need to enter the API key.
Google API key.
You have to just click this question mark and then you have to hit this or that it takes you to that.
Learn how to create your API key.
So you have to click here and it will take you to a new page where it will tell you how very you can
create an API so you have to go to the Google developers.
OK.
And then it will take you to them.
And then here you have to enable the API fetching the API details and we have to select a project I'm
going to select.
OK.
So you have to basically have two options either create a project so let's leave this here to continue
it is creating a new project OK.
It will take you to them and then you have to enter your details and your project will be created.
OK.
So this is enabling the API.
Let's wait till this enable the API and then we will get the API.
We have to enter that there.
So here we go.
You can see this is the API key one.
I mean dislike the
Create
this is the API key.
I mean it come here I'm going to copy and I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it right here.
Let's click here and here should be the API key here.
And let's face it.
And now let's come here and see if changes.
So here should be the APHC done.
Now we have to enter the address so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to enter the address.
And lotted find.
So it is going to find us address.
Basically this is not fitting the APHC.
I have to just go back and then I have to click here and now we have to hit save first.
OK.
Well is it safe.
Let's refresh our page so that it works because we have just submitted the API key and now we have to
refresh everything so that everything looks OK.
OK.
And want to come here
and you can see here it is this is now the box queen is coming like here I'm going to come here and
here should be in the map you can see this coming.
So I'm going to go I'm here to find the address.
I said fine and here you go.
You can see that the address is right here.
I'm going to come here and I need to point to right here.
So I want to add the point here and when vivarium one.
So let's see pre's superstar.
OK let's add this.
That's fine.
And I can see this is right here.
So this is pointing to this.
You can change its location if you want to.
I'm just going to drag it and drop it anywhere I want it to be so i'll just select the OK.
You can see this is right here.
It can change it to here.
And here we go.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hate discovery here.
You can show the text if you want to.
The text can be anything
and here is a condom as well.
So here you can add anything in the context this.
OK.
So let's just you can see that this is totally up and running.
So let's come here.
This title will be used in the tops of this.
So let's just come here and let's remove the stacks because I don't think so if you need them.
So let's go to the design and we have the Bhattarai here.
We can design the border and then we have the filters right here so you can move on with the filter
mode as well.
OK so now we're totally done with the contact us page as well.
You can see everything is looking totally OK and totally free.
You can also just create a background for the header like this as well if you want to.
OK.
But I think this looks totally OK.
We have our map and then we have our contact page ready so you can see that.
Now we're totally done with the Web site and this is how the professional web sites are created.
Guys let's just come here.
Let's just click exit the visual builder and let's click this so you can see that we have the header
right here.
Let's have the review that we have that our services section.
Then we have that consultation a call to action.
Now here we have how Viiv work and we have the client reviews.
Let's go to the About page.
Here we have the header.
Here we have the WHO WE ARE section.
And then here we have a thing that explains something.
And then here we have events manage and the happy clients and everything like coming here.
I think we are missing something.
OK.
Yes let's just come here and let's see what what is the thing that is not appearing.
We added one more section here and this has gone from here.
This is not appearing in the visual builder.
I don't know why
OK I think I have done something wrong.
Let's just say I'm here to enable the visual builder again.
OK.
Let's come here.
Let's select this let's see him here to the advanced design the visibility and let's select if this
is.
This is not disabled.
Let's select discovery here.
Let's select.
Come here.
Let's go like this visibility this is not disabled.
Let's select this let's like this.
Let's come here let's like visibility.
This is nondisabled.
Still it does not like here.
Let's just triplicated and let's save it.
Exit the visual Bilour
and nothing is happening.
OK.
So if this happens every time something is disable OK what you can do.
You can just come there you can just go there and then you can have that again.
So what I have to do I have to just do everything from Strout from start.
OK I have to just come here.
I have to just delete this section.
I need to get this section to duplicate it.
Light pring this section down below
here.
OK.
And instead of this I wanted deleted I wanted deleted.
I want this rate here above
and I want to delete this.
So let's get here.
Let's just bring this whole thing here let's just really do it.
Let's delete it.
Let's delete
this as well let's just bring everything from here
let's bring this
and here also this one.
OK so this is this will take some time this will you.
This is so I know this is so just pain in the ass.
I'm just like oh my god this is going crazy.
So here we go.
I have added everything from here.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just gonna go to the backroom and let's add the backroom clerk to be hashtag eBay hash eBay eBay
EBAY.
And let's see if everything works.
I hope I hope that everything works.
I'm here let's safe and
everything should be working the way it is.
I have to do it from the store.
I'll pose my video.
I'll do it again.
No problem.
OK so you can see this is now coming.
OK.
So if anything happens you can just create the whole section from the start and it will work OK.
So you can see everything is working like here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to go to the contact page right here and here the contact be just
all so awesome.
OK.
You can see everything is totally OK.
So if you want to add anything you can add anything here.
Now you have got the understanding basic understanding of TV that how DV for it and how can you make
some websites with me.
OK.
So that is why I always use this website for business based Web site.
So now thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And goodbye.